Sc13 sequencetools (#446)
nf-core/eager: docs/usage.md

      - [`--freebayes_C`](#freebayesc)
      - [`--freebayes_g`](#freebayesg)
      - [`--freebayes_p`](#freebayesp)
      - [`--pileupcaller_bedfile`](#pileupcallerbedfile)
      - [`--pileupcaller_snpfile`](#pileupcallersnpfile)

>       - [`pileupcaller_majority_call`](#pileupcallermajoritycall)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [`pileupcaller_majority_call`](#pileupcallermajoritycall)
```

You're missing the `--` for some of these parameters. Make sure to update the markdown headers themselves.

Specify ploidy of sample in FreeBayes. Default is diploid. Default: 2

#### `pileupcaller_bedfile`

> Specify SNP panel as bed file of sites in which to generate pileup for pileupCaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a SNP panel in the form of a BED file, that includes site positions where to generate pileups for pileupCaller.
```

#### `--pileupcaller_snpfile`

> Specify SNP panel in EIGENSTRAT format, pileupCaller will call these sites.

Reviewer: Maybe you can give a link to the EIGENSTRAT tools website?

Specify ploidy of sample in FreeBayes. Default is diploid. Default: 2

#### `--pileupcaller_bedfile`

Specify a SNP panel in the form of a bed file of sites at which to generate pileup for pileupCaller.

#### `--pileupcaller_snpfile`

Specify a SNP panel in [EIGENSTRAT](https://github.com/DReichLab/EIG/tree/master/CONVERTF) format, pileupCaller will call these sites.

> #### `--pileupcaller_majority_call`

Reviewer: I guess if random diploid is default, it would make more sense to put that first for readability (sorry for not picking up first time aroud). Could you update (and update the ToC).
